scribble.md, before:

# 22.1.4

Created a utils/actions.js file and a utils/reducers.js file. This is in place to introduce us to the of using the use reducer hook to update the state of the app. As of right now we simply set and and tested the reducers and did the bare bones for the actions. Next up we are going to learn about global state.

# 22.1.5

We built the globalState. It was a ton to take in and nothing is calling it yet but we are currently able to console.log the actual state. I assume next up is getting it running.

# 22.1.6

Here we refactored categoryMenu, productList and Detail to use the GloabalState. Then we took use state out of Home.js

# 22.2.3

Made all the tests for the cart and then added the reducers to make them pass.

# 22.2.4

Created the Cart/index.js and the Cart/style.css and copy pasted in the basics to get this to styled and displayed. Everyting is currently hardcoded. Then we added CartItem/index.js and cpoy pasted that in as well. Finally we went to Home.js and added <Cart/> and went to Detail.js and added <Cart/>

# 22.2.5

We added the shopping cart emoji to the screen and mde it use the TOGGLE_CART reducer we just made. In the global state we added the cart:[] and cartOpen: false. Then we went to Cart/index.js and imported userStoreContext from the GlobalState and the TOGGLE_CART reducer from our actions file. Finally we added the custom useStoreContext hook in our function and made an if statemment if things are false and also made a function that calls the imported TOGGLE_CART reducer. In the JSX we added an onClick to the close button to use this function.

# 22.2.6

Got the cart to display variable data and display a different message when the cart is empty. We spent our time updating the ProductItem/index.js, Detail.js and Cart/index.js. In ProductItem we imported and built a function for AD_TO_CART. In also set up ADD_TO_CART and imported a few others to be used later. Lastly in Cart we set it up to check the cart total and send a silly little message if the cart is empty. We also removed the hardcoded info and replaced it with real variables. The main issue now is if we add to cart and it exsists it adds another instead of adding more onto what exsists.

# 22.2.7

Here we got the cart to remove and edit the quantity.

# 22.3.3

Big time copy paste to set up the indexDB.

# 22.3.4

Added all of the functionality to get the products and categories to show up in indexDB.

# 22.3.5

Set up the idb functionality for the cart.

# 22.4.4

Was given examples of how to use the stripe checkout page with the terminal to generte a product, price and a seesion and then to slap that seesion id into an HTML document to see our custom stripe page.

Commit message:

22.4.4
Got the backend for the stripe working.

scribble.md, after:

# 22.1.4

Created a utils/actions.js file and a utils/reducers.js file. This is in place to introduce us to the of using the use reducer hook to update the state of the app. As of right now we simply set and and tested the reducers and did the bare bones for the actions. Next up we are going to learn about global state.

# 22.1.5

We built the globalState. It was a ton to take in and nothing is calling it yet but we are currently able to console.log the actual state. I assume next up is getting it running.

# 22.1.6

Here we refactored categoryMenu, productList and Detail to use the GloabalState. Then we took use state out of Home.js

# 22.2.3

Made all the tests for the cart and then added the reducers to make them pass.

# 22.2.4

Created the Cart/index.js and the Cart/style.css and copy pasted in the basics to get this to styled and displayed. Everyting is currently hardcoded. Then we added CartItem/index.js and cpoy pasted that in as well. Finally we went to Home.js and added <Cart/> and went to Detail.js and added <Cart/>

# 22.2.5

We added the shopping cart emoji to the screen and mde it use the TOGGLE_CART reducer we just made. In the global state we added the cart:[] and cartOpen: false. Then we went to Cart/index.js and imported userStoreContext from the GlobalState and the TOGGLE_CART reducer from our actions file. Finally we added the custom useStoreContext hook in our function and made an if statemment if things are false and also made a function that calls the imported TOGGLE_CART reducer. In the JSX we added an onClick to the close button to use this function.

# 22.2.6

Got the cart to display variable data and display a different message when the cart is empty. We spent our time updating the ProductItem/index.js, Detail.js and Cart/index.js. In ProductItem we imported and built a function for AD_TO_CART. In also set up ADD_TO_CART and imported a few others to be used later. Lastly in Cart we set it up to check the cart total and send a silly little message if the cart is empty. We also removed the hardcoded info and replaced it with real variables. The main issue now is if we add to cart and it exsists it adds another instead of adding more onto what exsists.

# 22.2.7

Here we got the cart to remove and edit the quantity.

# 22.3.3

Big time copy paste to set up the indexDB.

# 22.3.4

Added all of the functionality to get the products and categories to show up in indexDB.

# 22.3.5

Set up the idb functionality for the cart.

# 22.4.3

Was given examples of how to use the stripe checkout page with the terminal to generte a product, price and a seesion and then to slap that seesion id into an HTML document to see our custom stripe page.

# 22.4.4

I ran into several issues here. For the most part we simply set up stripe on the back end. The fist error was some version control thing that was fixed by downloading the 22.3 zip and revoing everything I had and replacing it with that. The next fix was when the moved the url to a varibale. It didn't seem to be referencing a property that exists anymore. I evetually found I had to change it from context.header.referer and to context.header.host and then add the http manually. Hopefully all of this will work out on the front end.
